[docs]: Update install instructions (#117)
hyperledger/iroha-2-docs: src/guide/build-and-install.md

    cd ~/Git/iroha
    ```

> 5.  Choose the right branch. You can use the `iroha2-lts` branch with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5.  Choose the right branch. You can use the `iroha2-lts` branch, which is the
```
